gh-102823: Document return type of floor division on floats (#102824)
python/cpython: Doc/library/stdtypes.rst

+---------------------+---------------------------------+---------+--------------------+
| ``x / y``           | quotient of *x* and *y*         |         |                    |
+---------------------+---------------------------------+---------+--------------------+

> | ``x // y``          | floored quotient of *x* and     | \(1)\(2)|                    |

Reviewer: Just an unrelated nitpick: I wonder why this table was formatted this way?  Couldn't we use sphinx's footnotes?

Author: I suggest opening a separate issue if you want to pursue this; it's out of scope for this PR.

Notes:

(1)
   Also referred to as integer division.  For operands of type :class:`int`,

>    the result has type :class:`int`.  For operands of type :class:`float`,

Reviewer 2: I think, some number of readers can understand this as "If both operands are float, the result has type float".
But, in fact, if one of operands are float, the result type is float.

Author: > But, in fact, if one of operands are float, the result type is float.

This is already covered earlier in the docs where it talks about mixed arithmetic. There isn't room for an exhaustive combinatorial description here.

Similarly, let's leave details about `Fraction` and `Decimal` to the respective module documentation. All we need to cover here is `int`, `float` and `complex`.

Reviewer: > This is already covered earlier in the docs where it talks about mixed arithmetic.

Indeed, right above the table ("when a binary arithmetic operator has operands of different numeric types, the operand with the “narrower” type is widened to that of the other...").

>    Also referred to as integer division.  For operands of type :class:`int`,
>    the result has type :class:`int`.  For operands of type :class:`float`,
>    the result has type :class:`float`.  In general, the result is a whole

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Also referred to as integer division.  If both operands of type :class:`int`,
   the result has type :class:`int`.  If any operand of type :class:`float`,
   the result has type :class:`float`.  In general, the result is a whole
```

Reviewer: Actually, this turns to be more complicated, if we consider all numeric types of the stdlib.

It seems, the result is an int if _both_ operands are of exact type (the Scheme numerical tower has this notion), i.e. either int or Fraction.  But if any operand is a float or a Decimal - that defines the type of the result (if one defined for such combination).

Author: Let's leave details about `Fraction` and `Decimal` to the respective module documentation; I don't think this is the place to go through all the possible combinations.

>    integer, though the result's type is not necessarily int.  The result is

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   integer, though the result's type is not necessarily :class:`int`.  The result is
```
